Document TLS Certificates flow with Cert Manager (#2079)
minio/operator: docs/env-variables.md

|SUBNET_BASE_URL| Subnet base URL                                                                                                                                                                                        |                         | https://subnet.min.io           |
|OPERATOR_CERT_PASSWD| This is used to decrypt the private key in the TLS certificate for operator, if needed                                                                                                                 |                         |                                 |
|MINIO_OPERATOR_DEPLOYMENT_NAME| This specifies a custom deployment name for Operator                                                                                                                                                   |                         | `minio-operator`                |
|OPERATOR_STS_ENABLED| This toggles the STS Service on or off                                                                                                                                                                 | `on`, `off`                 | `on`                            |

> |OPERATOR_STS_AUTO_TLS_ENABLED| Env variable name to turn on and off generate the STS TLS automatically using CSR. If it is disabled, you must provide a certificate issued externally                                                    | `on`, `off`                 | `on`                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|OPERATOR_STS_AUTO_TLS_ENABLED| Env variable name to turn on and off generating the STS TLS certificate automatically using CSR. If it is disabled, you must provide a certificate issued externally                                                    | `on`, `off`                 | `on`                            |
```

> |OPERATOR_STS_AUTO_TLS_ENABLED| Env variable name to turn on and off generate the STS TLS automatically using CSR. If it is disabled, you must provide a certificate issued externally                                                    | `on`, `off`                 | `on`                            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|OPERATOR_STS_AUTO_TLS_ENABLED| Env variable name to turn on and off generation of the STS TLS automatically using CSR. If it is disabled, you must provide a certificate issued externally                                                    | `on`, `off`                 | `on`                            |
```
